Update documentations for electron sourcemaps (#29280)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/guide/monitor-electron-applications-using-browser-sdk.md

The same-origin policy prevents tracking an application for the same session in which pages load from both local (`file://`) and remote (`http(s)://`).

This means that an application that uses Electron to embed a landing page, then later redirects the user to a website hosted on the Internet results in two sessions being created for that user - one for the embedded local files (`file://`) landing part of the application, and one for the remote part (`https://` files available on the internet).

>    **Note**: Unminified stack traces are not available when monitoring Electron applications that load embedded local files, when stack traces start with `file://`. To obtain unminified stack traces in this scenario, you must manually overwrite them using the [`beforeSend()` callback][2]. For further assistance, contact [Datadog customer support][5].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   **Note**: Unminified stack traces are not available when monitoring Electron applications that load embedded local files where stack traces start with `file://`. To obtain unminified stack traces in this scenario, you must manually overwrite them using the [`beforeSend()` callback][2]. For further assistance, contact the [Datadog Support team][5].
```

>    **Note**: Unminified stack traces are not available when monitoring Electron applications that load embedded local files where stack traces start with `file://`. To obtain unminified stack traces in this scenario, you must manually overwrite them using the [`beforeSend()` callback][2]. For further assistance, contact the [Datadog Support team][5].

Reviewer 2: <!-- Suggestions are specific requests to improve the subject under review. It is assumed that we all want to do what's best, so these comments are never dismissed as “mere suggestions”, but are taken seriously.  -->
**💬 suggestion:** ‏For the `beforeSend() callback` link, we could send people directly to [enrich and control rum data](https://docs.datadoghq.com/real_user_monitoring/browser/advanced_configuration/?tab=npm#enrich-and-control-rum-data) instead of [monitoring setup](https://docs.datadoghq.com/real_user_monitoring/browser/setup)

[2]: /real_user_monitoring/browser/setup/
[3]: https://www.electronjs.org/docs/latest/tutorial/process-model#the-renderer-process
[4]: /real_user_monitoring/explorer/

> [5]: https://www.datadoghq.com/support/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[5]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/help/
```
This is the typical place we send them from the docs for support.
